# Welcome to a Simple Gatsby and GraphQL Project 👋

This project was created using Gatsby and utilizes the GraphQL query language to fetch data. It is a simple project that utilizes Gatsby Starter Default and can be customized to suit your needs.

## Project

Link to the app: [Gatsby Project](https://gatsby-graphql-simple-site.netlify.app/)

## Project Author

This project was created by [Żaneta Sochoń](https://github.com/zanetasochon) as a demonstration project for learning Gatsby and GraphQL.

## Tools / techniques

- Gatsby;
- GraphQL;
- RWD (media queries);

## Getting Started

#### Prerequisites

Before you can get started, you will need to have the following software installed on your computer:

Node.js

#### Installing

To install the necessary dependencies, simply run the following steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine,

2. Open a terminal and navigate to the project folder,

3. Type "npm install" in the terminal to install the required dependencies,

```bash
npm install
```

#### Project startup instructions

To run this page, use the following command:

1. Open a terminal in the project folder,

2. Type "gatsby develop" in the terminal to start the project,

3. Open a web browser and navigate to http://localhost:8000 to view the running site.

#### Building for Production

To build the application for production, use the following command:

```bash
npm run build
```

This will create a production-ready version of the application in the dist directory.

## Project structure

1. The "src" folder contains all of the application source code,

2. The "pages" folder contains pages that are automatically generated by Gatsby based on the content of Markdown files in the "content" folder,

3. The "components" folder contains all of the components that make up the application,

4. The "gatsby-config.js" file contains Gatsby configuration, such as plugins, site metadata, etc.

## Project goals

1. The site should display a list of posts fetched from an external API,

2. The site should utilize GraphQL to fetch data,

3. The site should have a responsive layout that is suitable for various screen sizes

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a pull request.
